## Disclaimer

All contents of the Oak Ridges Moraine Groundwater Program Mapping (ORMGP) Portal are property of the ORMGP program and partner agencies. Contents are intended for use by partner agencies to the ORMGP for use as agreed to under the ‘Partnership Agreement’. As such any use of data or information acquired via the ORMGP mapping portal is subject to the ‘Partnership Agreement’. As a partner agency you may download and freely use the information contained on this site for any purpose that advances water management understanding/decision making. Note that some of the documents contained in the report library may contain data/information that may be considered to be of a sensitive nature (e.g. water quality for private domestic wells). Therefore it is requested that consultants use professional judgement when determining whether downloaded reports/papers need to be circulated to non-partner agencies (i.e. it might be that only parts of a report need to be circulated or that the report only be referenced).

Information within this web mapping application is provided to program partners as a service by the ORMGP and is provided strictly "as is". The ORMGP, and its member public sector agencies, make no warranty, expressed or implied, regarding the quality, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or usefulness of the information provided in this application. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy, currency and reliability of the content. However, at any time, some details may be generalized and/or not yet reflect recent changes/updates.

The ORMGP, and its member public sector agencies, disclaim any responsibility or liability for any direct or indirect damages resulting from the use of the data and information provided through this mapping portal. The data and information contained in this site is compiled from many sources. Prior to taking any action with respect to ORMGP data and/or information, users of this portal’s data and information are hereby advised to use professional judgement and possibly consult with data and information sources for verification.

The User knowingly waives any claims for damages against any entities comprising or assisting the ORMGP that may arise from the mapping data. The User hereby releases and forever discharges the ORMGP, its partner public sector agencies and all of their employees from all claims, demands, damages, actions or causes of action arising or to arise by reason of use of this application or any inaccuracies, errors, misrepresentations, or omissions or limitations in information contained herein.

Maps obtained using this site are for illustrative purposes only and are not designed to assist in navigation or as a substitute for legal survey, or as a substitute for due-diligence investigations. The coordinates displayed do not represent legal parcel corners and/or boundaries and they cannot be used for establishment of or in lieu of legal land survey boundaries for property or parcels thereof. Maps may contain cartographic errors and omissions.

Parcel data is owned by Teranet Enterprises Inc and its suppliers. All rights reserved. May not be reproduced without permission.
